Add an option to render off-screen (#3)
norihiro/obs-main-view-source: README.md

- You want to hide overflowing scene items outside the bounding box of the main view.
- You want to put the source on the main view to enjoy fractals.

### Render before output/display rendering

*Deprecated*

Render the texture before OBS start to render output and each display.
Recommended to enable if
- You want to have the source in a nested scene.

If enabled, since the order of rendering sources changes, something might be affected.

> If no issues are reported with disabling this property, this property might be dropped in the future and fixed to enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
If no issues are reported without disabling this property, this property might be dropped in the future and fixed to enabled. If you need this property, please file an issue not to deprecate.
```
